updated c/c++ flag guidance again (#359)
aws/aws-graviton-getting-started: c-c++.md

### Enabling Arm Architecture Specific Features

> TLDR: To target all current generation Graviton instanes, use `-march=arm8.2-a`.

Author: I can never sneak those typos past you! 🤣 

By "current generation" I mean anything that isn't filtered out on the EC2 launch page when you disable "all generations". There's also a flag that says "current generation: true" for all Graviton2 and Graviton3 instances. Only  the A1 instances are "current generation: false". I see you can also get that information from `aws ec2 describe-instance-types`.

<img width="648" alt="Screenshot 2024-01-23 at 11 07 20" src="https://github.com/aws/aws-graviton-getting-started/assets/24902619/219b77f2-2502-47a3-af48-0621bb67941e">

I wonder if there is a better way to write that...

```suggestion
TLDR: To target all current generation* Graviton instances, use `-march=arm8.2-a`.

* Current generation instances as noted in the EC2 launch instances page or from the AWS API: `aws ec2 describe-instances`.
```

> TLDR: To target all current generation Graviton instanes, use `-march=arm8.2-a`.

Reviewer: I agree with @AWSjswinney,  current generation is not just the latest, anything that is actively supported.

> TLDR: To target all current generation Graviton instanes, use `-march=arm8.2-a`.

Reviewer 2: In that case I would find "`*6g` and newer instances" more clear than "current generation", as that saves me from having to go open some aws console page and check.
